Now that we have successfully published the data from our quick booking, let's go ahead and update
the seed booking application and consume that data.
So I'm just going to be opening the pack, configure our seat selection app because we need to get hold
of that observable objective, remember.
So if you just go to the plug in section, we need to be having a new import.
Now in here, you can see that we do not really have a remote setup, so we need to be adding the new
remote here.
So I would say a remote and then a new object.
Now let's call this as movie app as usual, and we're going to be adding the part.
So instead of typing it down, probably I can just use the same that we had in the home page app.
So we can just copy the entire remote entry location and pasted right here.
Okay.
So we have movie app hosted on localhost 9000 and the remote and read ideas.
So nothing new.
We have done this couple of times so far.
Okay.
So we have that done.
Let me just go ahead and save this file.
And as usual, we need to be restarting our application.
So let me go to DC Selection App.
Stop.
This will give you a restart by saying npm run solve.
So we get our browser opened up.
We do not really need that for now.
Let's go back to our code and let's go to the components that is the seed selection content DART.
So in this huge selection app component and this is the component that we are trying to edit.
Okay.
So with that done, let's see how we can be subscribing to that particular observable.
Now to do this subscription, we are going to be doing it as soon as this component loads up.
Now in React, we are going to be using the concept of user effect.
Now, if you're not really used to react, don't worry.
With our framework you are using, it's going to be having like a bootstrap function which gets called
immediately when your component get loaded up.
So that's the place where you are generally going to be loading all the new data.
Okay.
So in the case of React, we need that use effect.
So you can just type year use effect and then we can pass in function.
That's an arrow function.
And after this calibration, you need to also be putting up the closing and opening square brackets
so that it doesn't get called again and again.
So that's reacting.
Okay.
Now we need to be having again that dynamic import implemented here because as usual, we are accessing
something from our external application.
So as usual, we put up the import statement.
This is going to be from the movie app, then slash and then we need to be adding the name of that component.
So I really forgot what was the name of the component?
Let me just take it up once again.
That's movie data.
And let's go back to our seed selection up and pasted right here.
And this is going to be returning a promise.
So we say dot then and this returns module which we can be sort of resolving against a contract movie
data equals to module dot default.
Okay.
So we got that in there.
The next thing that we need to be doing over here is adding a subscription to this particular object,
the movie data object.
So what you can do over here is same movie data.
Don't subscribe.
And in this we are going to be passing in an object.
So as we have done in our sample last year, we are going to be subscribing to the parameter called
as next.
And in this, we are going to be passing in a dummy function.
So let's just consolidate log and see the end to end if it is working or not.
So let's see.
Movie data received is.
And as usual, we are going to be putting the back picks.
And here we can see a dollar and then pass in the value.
So I can see Val and paste value.
All right, so that's done.
Now, I hope you're getting what we're trying to do here.
We have just initialized us in the use effect.
Then we did a dynamic import of that observable that we had exported from the main movie application,
and then we just subscribe to it.
Now, as soon as we click on the book button.
The data should be added to the observable object and then should be consumed when we are on this particular
page.
Okay, so let's just try this out and see if things are working as expected.
So I'm just going to be switching over to my browser and let's just close all the other applications
and what are we opening up this one on Port 9000.
So the one on the 9000 port is our main movie application, which has all the routing setup.
So let's just give that a refresh once close of all the other tabs.
Now, if I just open up my console to make sure things are working.
Let me stick this at the bottom and let me open up the console.
Let's clear off all the existing things.
Let's click on the book button.
So I'm brought it over here.
Now in here, we take out the console.
We see that we do get a log.
But this is from the quick booking application, not from the seat selection application.
If I just go back to the code, we can see that we had logged this message as movie data received and
this is nowhere to be found in the console.
So what's happening here?
Well, this is the gotcha that I told you with this subject property that we had implemented in our
movie application.
So if I just go back to the code and let's crawl back to our movie Observable dot, this is the main
observer that we created in our movie application and be used as import for our call subject from our
text.
Now our excuse also supports another export, and that's called a behavioral subject.
So our behavior subject matter.
So what's the difference between them?
Behavior, subject and subject is in the case of behavior subject, you can be actually passing a default
value.
So if I just make it as a behavioral subject and you can pass it a default value less if example null
and the main difference between this and enormous object is whenever a new subscriber is going to be
subscribing to this is going to be publishing the existing data as well.
So whatever is the existing value is going to be sent to the subscriber.
In the case of a normal subject, devalue is not sent to this subscriber and only the data that is sent
after the subscription is going to be sent to that subscriber.
So this is the main difference between a behavior subject and a normal subject.
So if I just save this now and let's just go back to a browser, let's go back to our main page.
So that's onboard 9000.
Let me clear this console off and let's click on the book button.
Now we see that we have the quick booking, but if you check on the bottom, we can see that the movie
data received is an object.
So let me just make some changes so we can see exactly what's happening within that object.
So let's go to the selection app.
And in this, I can see as just remove all of this.
And then probably with the plus, I can say, well and can remove this value here.
Okay, so let me just save that.
Let's come back here.
Now, please note, if you just click on refresh, things are not going to work.
Now, this is because as soon as you refresh, the all the things are going to be lost.
Jobs always lost, and all the value within the observer is lost because everything is maintained within
the memory.
So this is just like a normal variable that you have in JavaScript.
So for that reason, we need to be navigating back from the homepage.
So let me clear that off.
Click on the book button and we still see it as object to my mistake.
Actually, just go back to the escort and replace this plus with a comma.
So that's how we can log the content of the object.
So let me just refresh that once again.
Save it.
Go back to my homepage and let's go to the booking page once again.
And this time we can see that the movie data received is in fact correct.
So we have the movie one, the date and the time that was selected.
So that is really, really cool.
We were able to add some data on the homepage and this subscribe to it in real time on a feed selection
application.
Now you can also verify the data.
So this was the data that we sent from the booking application and it matches exactly what we received
on this application.
Just to make things really practical, let's just go ahead and change this value.
Now select maybe Spiderman and change the date.
As for 222 and the time as well.
Let's click on the book button and we get the new movie ID that was selected, the new time as well
as the new date.
So things are looking pretty, pretty good.
So that's great.
Let's just take a short break and do a small update in which we can get all these things rendered.
So right now, it just shows the default values.
So let's just quickly fix this so that we have a sort of end to end working application.